## About

This is a codebase that will allow energy.gov users to quickly get started developing new graphics and maps. By cloning this repo, you can immidiately begin coding. 

If you're working with [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/) responsive framework, pull down [the App_Frame_Foundation repository](https://github.com/energyapps/app-frame-foundation). Note: Its a big work in progress, and a lot of the CSS will interfere with energy.gov's default css. So don't use it right now.

## Dependencies
- Git (obviously)
- Download and install [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/)

## Setup

- Clone the repo:

`git clone https://github.com/energyapps/app_frame.git`

- Rename the folder to your project name

`mv app_frame/ new_directory_name/`

- On the [EnergyApps Github group](https://github.com/energyapps) create and name a new project repo.
- cd into that folder in terminal and change remote URL to new repo:

`git remote -v` List all remote urls

`git remote set-url origin https://github.com/energyapps/NEW-REPO-NAME.git` -changes the remote url to your new URL

- Push to this new repo

`git push -u origin master`

- Branch out the gh-pages branch

`git branch gh-pages`
`git checkout gh-pages`
`git push origin gh-pages`

- Begin work in the `index.html` file.
- Build the Jekyll `_site/` folder by running `jekyll build` in your directory. I recommend running `jekyll build --watch`, which automatically rebuilds your `_site` folder whenever you change something in the directory.
- Run the jekyll server by running `jekyll serve`. You can now see your page at [](http://localhost:4000/)
- Push changes to github, see website running remotely at energyapps.github.io/NEW-REPO-NAME/index.html
- Optional: Update Readme to reflect your current project.

## Contents

1. 	root directory
	* README.md 
		- You are here.
	* index.html 
		- Merges in the markup from the post (see below) and contains the styles from the energy.gov/maps section.
	* article.html
		- Merges in the markup from the post (see below) and contains the styles from the energy.gov/articles section.
2.	_posts/
	* Contains the markup that you are creating. This goes beneath header info. It will be merged into the index and article above.
3.	_layout/
	* The _layouts/ folder is the Jekyll folder that contains layouts for any type of page within a jekyll site. 
	* default.html
		- This is a very rough cannibalization of the DOM elements in energy.gov/maps element.
		- Markup, CSS, and JS are merged here automatically by Jekyll
		- Contains links to JS, CSS in other folders (see below), as well as links to external energy.gov css files.
4.	_site/
	* This is the folder that is generated by Jekyll and holds the merged static webpages.
5. js/
	* data.js
		- Data for the map in json objects. This would be added to the maps content type.
	* script.js
		- script that executes all commands on graphic. This would be added to the maps content type.
6. css/
	* style.css
		- custom css to be added to map. CSS that would be added to the maps content type.
	* master_style.css
		- A static copy of the above as a fallback when the energy.gov links break.
	* fonts.css
		- a collection of some commonly used energy.gov fonts

## Needs/Ideal Work flow

	- You will create your content in index.html, data.js, script.js, and style.css.
	- These files will then be merged into the default.html using Jekyll pages.
	- When you create your map on cms.doe.gov or stage.cms.doe.gov you will have to copy your js, css, and html over. It isn't a very elegant process for merging at the moment but may improve in the future.
	
## Notes

Public Domain
